The Dana Prize we're talking with Liam
Fetus. Liam is one of the co-creators of
Chat GPT, which I think almost everybody
uses at this point. He was the VP of
post-training at OpenAI and before that
was at Google Brain, where he worked on
a variety of really early AI
innovations. Liam will be telling us a
bit about Periodic Labs, his company,
which is focused on building an AI
foundation lab for atoms. In other
words, how do we impact the physical
world, material sciences, chemistry,
etc. using AI. Very exciting topic and
excited to be talking with him today.
>> Liam, thank you so much for joining us
today on the Priors.
>> Yeah, thank you so much for having me.
It's great to see you.
>> Yeah. So, maybe what we can do I I think
you're doing incredibly interesting
things in terms of alternative types of
models, specifically for material
sciences, for the physical world.
Effectively, what you're building is an
AI foundation lab for atoms, which I
think is fascinating.
>> That's right.
>> But maybe we can start with just a
little bit more of your background. You
know, I think you were
VP at OpenAI, you worked on one of the
first trillion parameter models ever,
etc. Could you tell us a little bit more
about just like what got you here and
>> Yeah,
so even further back I was a physics
major in undergrad.
Spent some time doing dark matter
research.
We had a apparatus that was
directionally sensitive to dark matter's
direction.
So, it was very interesting.
>> Why why are there so many I'd love to
come back to this but why are there so
many physicists in AI right now? So, you
look at Dario Amodei who runs Anthropic.
You look at Adam Brown at Google, you
look at a variety of people and they all
kind of have these physics backgrounds.
>> Yeah, my old manager Josha also physics
at Anthropic.
>> Yeah, why why do you think that is?
>> I think it's a great way to think about
the world. It's like very principled,
very like hard-nosed scientists, very
careful. And I don't know, I think it's
just it's such an incredible field. You
have such high leverage in computer
science, in AI. And so, I think a lot of
physicists were seeing that.
Particularly in like high energy
physics,
the discovery of the Higgs,
I think a lot of high energy physicists
were sort of looking for what's next.
Ultimately it becomes bottlenecked on
the new um
apparatus for, you know, pushing the
next energy frontier. And I think a lot
of physicists were looking at their
skill set and looking at the progress
elsewhere and and saying like, "Hey, I
think I could be a huge contributor
elsewhere."
>> And it's been fascinating to see like
string theorists and people working on
black holes and all sorts of effects
like kind of moving into AI.
It's almost It almost feels like we're
recreating a Manhattan project or
something except now what we're seeking
is, you know, different forms of
intelligence. So
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> Kind of interesting that perspective.
Sorry to interrupt. So, you know, you
studied physics, you worked on dark
matter.
>> That's right. And then I was basically
and then in grad school in physics I was
always gravitating towards the machine
learning problems. I was looking at
particle reconstruction and it's
effectively machine learning problems.
But it felt if I really wanted to push
frontier of machine learning, I should
be in, you know, computer science. So
ended up at Google Brain,
was overlapping with the first year
residents there. Absolutely remarkable
group of people, remarkable period for
Google Brain.
I mean this era of when there's the
creation of like distributed training
strategies, mixture of experts, the
transformer. It was a really rich period
in that history and it was a fun kind of
like Cambrian era where you people were
really pushing the frontier with just
like a handful of GPUs, really small
collaborations. The field was a much
much earlier and I think there was a lot
of diversity and entropy in the research
and it was very fun.
>> So it was kind of late
2010s or so, something like that.
>> This was 2016, 2017.
So Google Brain at that point was still
very small and eventually was subsumed
by DeepMind or combined with DeepMind.
So is that Google for many years?
Mostly just doing architecture work. So
was really pushing um sparsity. That
allows for uh you more efficient serving
of models at scale and just really
pushing the scale of what we could do.
Towards late 2022, um
really became excited about the creation
of products. The technology was getting
very compelling. And so, I ended up at
OpenAI with um some other Googlers as
well.
>> Mhm. And what did you work on
specifically at OpenAI?
>> Well, so the goal was we need to come up
with some productionization of GPT-4.
So, we OpenAI had GPT-4. It was
pre-trained and there were some like um
the rough post-trains on it. And there
was questions about like, "Okay, how do
we turn this incredibly powerful model
into products?" And we're all
spitballing ideas like writing bot, uh
coding bot, you know, very natural at
the time. Yeah. Some of our least
interesting ideas were a meeting bot.
So, it would just sit in a Google Meet,
take notes, and then send out like
to-do's after. But John Schulman was
very opinionated. He's like, "We think
we should keep it very general. Let's do
chatbot." And that became a large part
of the effort um for those few months.
>> Mhm. That's right. Okay, yeah. So, you
worked on ChatGPT.
>> That's right.
>> Um and obviously, I felt like that was
kind of the starting gun of this whole
AI revolution or at least in in terms of
people's awareness. Like I'd started
investing in the area beforehand.
>> Right.
>> But it it seemed like almost as a secret
up until ChatGPT came out of and
suddenly everybody realized that there's
this powerful technology available.
>> Yes.
>> How did that lead you to materials and
atoms and you know, the physical world
again? I know that was sort of your
starting point in terms of academics,
but what brought you back given how much
is being transformed right now through
language?
>> I think just the inevitability of
connecting these systems to the physical
world.
The opinion that I and others held at
Sprat Periodic was you're not going to
see the same kind of acceleration in
science and technology unless you start
connecting these things to the physical
world. Science ultimately isn't
sitting in a room thinking really hard.
Um you have to conduct experiments, you
have to learn from them, you have to
interface with reality. And the creation
of ChatGPT in late 2022 um was a, you
know, important technology, but it was
still far too weak. Like we couldn't
have done periodic on technology of that
era. I think over the next few years
past that, we saw ever improving models.
Um we saw reasoning. I think like test
time inference became really important.
Uh
that led to more reliable error
correction, more reliable tool use. And
we see like the rise of coding agents
and other agents.
>> Mhm.
>> And I think those were foundational
technologies necessary to then connect
these systems to the physical world.
Like it was just not impo- not possible
with like the AI technology of 2022.
>> I guess the other thing that's missing
from the physical world is data, or at
least data that's easily accessible. So
you look at something like um the big
foundation models on the language side,
and they're basically trained on the
internet as a major corpus. It's
augmented in all sorts of ways with
other data sources. How do you think
about that for what you're doing where
you're trying to model atoms in the
physical world and how all that stuff
kind of works?
>> Yeah, so experiment. I mean so we have
simulation physics simulations, and we
have experiment. And, you know, I think
exactly as you're pointing out, ML
systems are good on the data you've
trained them on, on the tasks you've
trained them to do.
Um
I think sometimes there's like this
mythology of AGI, ASI, RSI. And I think
what we see increasingly powerful
systems, but they do become limited if
they don't have access to the the raw
data to actually make informed
decisions.
>> How much data do you need? And so I know
that um there's some data scale related
>> Yes.
>> uh research and other things in terms of
um
how you kind of hill climb towards like
a really good model.
>> Yep.
>> How many experiments do you need to run?
Or how many data points do you need? Or
how do you think about the diversity of
data points you need to generate? I'm a
little bit curious like what does that
actually look like tangibly?
>> Um so there is some generalization from
the existing models. So we don't need to
reproduce a system that can um
understand and write English or write
code. So we're kind of like leveraging
>> Are you using open source for that or
closed source models or some mixture?
>> a combination.
>> Uh-huh.
>> Yeah. So for example like Periodic
spends zero effort on improving coding
models. Um
we're you know incredibly impressed by
Codex, Cloud Code and so that's been a
huge accelerator for the company.
Um but focus our machine learning
efforts where um
you know the existing frontiers is not
sufficiently good for us. I think going
back to the data question
we're leveraging
call it order tens of trillions of
tokens that went into open source
models.
>> Mhm.
>> And that's given us like very like
foundational understanding. But once we
start moving into specific um discovery
areas, chemical spaces,
um
we can see um
a very high level of sample efficiency.
So the system isn't starting as like a
randomly initialized neural net. It has
a strong prior on the world.
>> And so where does that prior come from?
What data is it that informs that? Just
general
>> Just just like you know papers, yeah,
the internet as you're pointing out.
>> Yeah.
>> Um however, that's insufficient. Um one
of the engineers on our team was looking
at a reported material um property and
it was just sort of extracted values
from literature and it was really
interesting to see the reported value
spanned many orders of magnitude.
>> And so you train a ML system on that and
it's like well the best you can do is
model this distribution but you're no
closer to like a ground truth. And
that's where experimental data comes in
where you now have a grounding in this.
>> Um but really important it's not just
like a pool of data. It's this
interactive closed loop system that is
so powerful. Um once you have the
experimental data you can look through
it. You can look for aberrations. You
can look for patterns. You can look for
consistency with um simulation data,
with literature, and then that helps
drive the next set of experiments. So,
it's not just a pool of data. It's this
very active loop.
>> I see. And then um how do you think
about diversity of data? So, I look at
something like um AlphaFold or some of
the protein folding
>> Yep.
>> uh related um models, which are amazing,
right? If you think about it. I used to
work as a biologist, and we would
you know, a crystal structure would take
years if it happened at all, cuz you
wouldn't necessarily certain if you
could crystallize a specific protein
under certain reagent conditions in a
way that would be performing for actual
extra uh you know, crystallography and
everything or NMR or whatever approach
you took for structure.
And then sort of AlphaFold comes out,
and you can just arbitrarily model
anything
>> Right.
>> on the protein world, which was, you
know, amazing as a breakthrough.
Um but it was a very specific data set
that already existed that had lots and
lots and lots of structures.
>> Over decades.
>> Over decades of work. How hard do you
have to bootstrap that for every single
material's domain, or do you choose
specific ones that you think and then
generalize?
>> We have seen internally the greatest
advances where we have an abundance of
data in some space. And that that has
led to the highest rate of acceleration
internally. Um but I think you can think
of um
different levels of generalization. And
for systems that are strongly governed
by quantum mechanical effects, there is
some generalization there.
>> I see.
>> Um but like if you produce a system that
has modeled um quantum mechanical
objects really accurately,
>> Mhm.
>> it's not really helping much on like,
you know, fluid dynamics or, you know,
like another kind of like level of
abstraction. And so, the generalization
we're seeing
is quite good, um but there's almost
like a first principles you can
>> Oh, that's so interesting. So, you could
do like, here are the basic steps of
chemical synthesis. Here's quantum
mechanics. Here's different aspects of
how atoms interact in general or van der
Waals forces or things like that.
>> Absolutely.
>> Oh, that's so interesting. Yeah, that's
cool. And then, from a architecture
perspective, is there anything unique
that you're doing or interesting? Or can
you talk a little bit about how you're
actually constructing some of these
models on top?
>> Yeah, so uh language models are
incredibly powerful. It's a very natural
interface.
Uh and so, we continue to use these. Um
but, we think about them almost as like
an orchestration layer. So, that's sort
of a a co-pilot assistant, but also like
a system that can direct um experiments.
And it's almost it's orchestrating other
specialized models as well. So, we do
construct neural nets that um
are specially designed for atomic
systems, where there's like some
symmetry awareness. Um and those have
much lower latency, and they've been
like fine-tuned for that. And so,
basically, you can kind of think of this
like orchestrating layer that can ingest
literature, it can go through our
experimental data, it can go through
different uh modalities, but they can
also use specialized neural nets
>> Mhm.
>> as tools, as reward functions. So, it's
it's like an overall system.
>> Okay. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense.
Yeah, I've seen a lot of people
architect those sorts of approaches even
for things like customer support or
other areas. Like, it seems like it's
the common architecture that's emerging
as you're doing these different use
cases of these models. Yeah.
>> Yeah. But, transformers have been very
powerful.
>> Yeah, yeah. And that's really cool. So,
if I look at the language world, one of
the things that was pretty unique about
it, and it's the reason that I think
these companies like OpenAI, Anthropic,
and others are growing so fast,
is it just plugged into a very big
domain of human existence, which is all
language. And all language means
enterprise software and enterprise
interactions, and it means consumer
behavior. It's basically how we interact
with the world.
>> Yes.
>> Um it seems like there's a little bit
more of a leap for other areas. So, for
example, in robotics, there's really
interesting things different types of
robots that exist in the world, but the
footprint of that is quite limited
relative to language. And the same seems
to be true for material sciences. So,
how do you think about where you're
going to commercialize this first, or
who you're going to work with, or are
there specific domains of products that
you're working on first?
>> So, we've begun working very closely
with scientists. We've treated periodic
as our customer zero and seeing how can
we transform how this field of science
is done.
But there's huge opportunities across
all of these industries, all these
enterprises that are interfacing with
the physical world. People who are
bottlenecked by materials engineering,
process engineering. And again, those
are kind of the same the same natural
interfaces where engineers are asking
questions about their data, they're
trying to find aberrations, they're
trying to debug machinery, they're
trying to get to a better formulation.
It's actually a quite universal thing as
well. And so we've kind of created our
little testing ground internally and now
we're sufficiently excited about the
tech we've been building and to see this
acceleration for
advanced manufacturing more broadly.
>> And is your model going to be um
uh developing materials for other third
parties? Is it developing your own
materials that you then sell in the
market? Like because it almost reminds
me a little bit of a biotech model.
Yeah, where in biotech you can either
partner with a big pharma and then
effectively help them create a drug and
take a royalty on it or you can build
your own drugs. How do you think about
that in the context of what you're
doing?
>> We're
thinking about us ourselves as an
intelligence layer for for these
companies. So you can think about system
of record, control plane for different
experiments and getting to solutions. Um
but like you're saying, there is
a very interesting aspect of
some breakthroughs here could have you
know really high value and it might be
more akin to a discovery model like
we've seen in biotech and elsewhere. But
starting thinking about our just as a
software business.
>> Have you ever heard of the Diamond Age?
Yeah. Have you heard of the Diamond Age?
>> No, I haven't actually.
>> uh Neil Stephenson book. It's basically
this book about It was written in the
90s okay and there's two key concepts in
it. One key concept is um
there's effectively an AI tutor that's
unleashed on the world and it kind of,
um, teaches huge numbers of young girls
all sorts of skills and it's a this is
very interesting thing about AI
education and then in parallel,
>> Why young girls in particular?
>> Uh, basically this, um, AI research
scientist creates a primer for his
daughter and the Chinese, uh, steal it
and clone it and distribute it across
the country and because he built it for
young girls, it suddenly every young
girl in China has it.
>> Right, right.
>> the reason. It's this very, uh, China
theft of IP kind of thing.
>> Yes, right.
>> the other part of the book is about, um,
matter pipes into everybody's homes and
they all have 3D printers and you
download blueprints and it just creates
whatever you need in the physical world
and some people start evolving different
nanobots to do different things. It's
this very advanced kind of AI plus
materials kind of future world.
>> Yes.
>> Um, what is your vision or conception of
what our world looks like in 10 years
assuming PeriodX is successful?
>> Well, I mean, I think, as you're
pointing out, you're going from systems
that aren't just writing essays, not
just writing software, but to literally
generating matter.
And I think it's has pretty profound
implications to semiconductors,
aerospace, energy and I think it's it's
incredibly important for can we increase
like the pace of
just like the physical development of
the world. I mean, we see how quickly
the digital realm is changing.
Um, software engineering now looks
wildly different than even 6 months ago.
Um, but I think we see like, you know,
similar
opportunities in the physical world. Of
course, like atoms are hard and so you
will have, um, some limits of physics,
but just because atoms are hard doesn't
mean there's not an order of magnitude
or two to speed up. Um, just making
sense of huge amounts of data and
getting to solutions more quickly. Um,
yeah, so I think what we're trying to do
is give humanity this agency for
atomic rearrangement, um synthesis and
we think it's going to just be a huge
accelerator. So, I mean
if our physical world could keep up at
some fraction to our digital world, I
think life will just feel dramatically
different.
>> kind of the revolution that that could
really come. Yeah, it kind of reminds me
of almost the materials equivalent of
the agricultural revolution. Yeah, where
you suddenly had a massive spike in
productivity of output.
>> Exactly. And it seems like there's been
all sorts of bottlenecks that have
constrained us until now that you folks
are trying to address. That's right.
>> Yeah. What um what aspect of the work
that you're doing are you most excited
about?
>> The iteration with our between these
groups of people. I mean, it's like this
is just irreducibly a multi-disciplinary
problem.
>> Mhm.
>> We have physicists and chemists working
really closely with some of the top AI
researchers in the world, working
closely with some of the best engineers
in the world. And this
multi-disciplinary like really close
collaboration is just absolutely
incredible because
seeing firsthand how a field can
fundamentally change. People who have
been doing research for in some cases
decades in a field and now seeing like,
oh, under these systems, under
intelligent systems it could look this
very different uh different way. And I
mean, I use like an analog to machine
learning a lot.
Going back to the early Google Brain
days where
the frontier is pushed forward with a by
a few GPUs and a few people.
Now you look at this era where it's
really like industrialized and there's
dozens, hundreds of researchers working
together with hundreds of thousands,
millions of GPUs dictated and driven by
scaling laws.
>> Mhm.
>> Everything is about scaling. It's given
that predictability. It's allowed us to
put huge amounts of capital into this
field.
And I think the physical sciences,
physical engineering will have a very
similar property where we establish
these scaling properties and um
bring that mindset. And so, Periodic in
this field is really thinking about how
do we bring much larger scale sets of
experiments to bear on this. And
intelligent systems have enabled this,
automation has enabled this, and you
really need both.
Um, an improvement to automation where
you can soon become uh create
bottlenecks in intelligence. And I mean
the scientists very much feel this where
they're not used to working at that
level of throughput. And they just can't
simply make sense of so much
>> data. It's interesting. Yeah, so I guess
in terms of
scale here, one of the real benefit one
of the things that's really benefited
the the the frontier labs on the LLM
side is just scale of capital and
therefore scale of GPU and scale of
data.
>> Of course.
>> Um, is this similarly a capital
intensive area in your mind?
>> Yeah, we will require more capital.
Um,
GPUs are so extraordinarily expensive.
Um, what was interesting is just the
compute cost relative to physical
infrastructure is actually surprising
where you know, just so much money is
spent on the compute uh
that the physical infrastructure
sometimes is actually lower, but you
know, it has very large lead times and
there's intrinsic difficulty of having
these well-calibrated, well-functioning
physical systems.
Um, but from a capital perspective, it's
primarily a compute cost.
>> Yeah, it's really interesting. If you
look up um the cost of a Stanford
postdoc, for example,
>> Mhm.
>> relative to a machine learning engineer,
it's like such a big difference. And you
you really, you know, my take away is
that um many people working in science,
particularly in academic center setting,
are very under-compensated relative to
sort of their societal value.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah, and so I always like it when
companies kind of help bring people into
the
into the fold in terms of both human
impact, but also, you know, that um that
ability to do things at real scale and
you know, really do things a different
way. So, it must be very exciting for
the people on your team.
>> Yeah, I mean it's like I mean some of
the scientists who joined us are you
know, among the best in the world and
been absolutely incredible working with
them.
>> Yeah, I mean, it sounds like you've
built such an amazing interdisciplinary
team. Are there specific roles you're
actively looking for right now or key
things that you really want to hire up?
>> Absolutely. So, on our site, we have
decomposed the world into bits and
atoms.
Um, you know, it's a loose taxonomy, but
on bit side, we're really thinking
about, um, mid-training, pre-training
roles from the AI side, always more
infrastructure roles, and on atom side,
like control engineering, system
engineering, uh, but also now thinking
too about, you know, spanning that with
like product engineering. So,
>> Across the board.
>> a lot of active roles, etc.
>> Yeah, that's really cool. So, I think
one of the things that everybody's
really thinking deeply about or is
excited about right now is AGI, ASI,
sort of these advanced systems that are
as good as humans or better than humans
at different things
>> Right.
>> or are very generalizable in terms of
their abilities to do a broad swath of
things. How do you think about that
within the context of what's happening
over the overall foundation model curve?
Cuz obviously you were very integral in
terms of the development of some of
these systems, and then how do you think
about that applied specifically to some
of the areas you're working in?
>> I think one fallacy is thinking about
intelligence as a scalar. We've
consistently seen these systems have a a
very odd spikiness, and it's actually
possible to architect a system that is
world-class on some math domain, but
then you could do some perturbations to
the questions and actually degrade it
substantially. So, it's like a bad high
school student. And so, there's this
like odd spikiness to these systems.
>> So, basically you can make a system
that's like a genius at one thing and
not very good at a bunch of other stuff.
>> And I guess the point I was making is
those fields can actually be quite
adjacent. Um, so like sometimes the
generalization can be non-intuitive.
Um, but one way I think about, you know,
recursive self-improvement is really
kind of akin to neural architecture
search from, you know, roughly 10 years
ago.
And I think there's a very clear path
for software engineering. So, these
systems have become so incredibly
impressive on this on this domain as a
result of huge amounts of data, really
cheap verifiable environments, like you
know, you can check unit tests go from
failing to passing with just a few CPUs.
It's basically instantaneous. There's no
domain expertise gap between an AI
researcher software engineer.
>> Mhm.
>> Um
and obviously this will become and is
becoming a larger contributor to the
next generation of the system.
>> When do you think it just flips into we
just
uh everything is machine
self-improvement versus human directed
or needs a lot of human intervention.
So, do you think that's 2 years away? Do
you think it's 5 years away? Do you
think it's 10 years away?
>> Well, I guess like building on what I
was saying is I think there's a
domain caveat to that.
>> Sure.
>> So, rolling forward that software
engineering self-improvement, I think
you're going to have a system that can
write um complete repositories, identify
bugs, refactor code,
>> Mhm.
>> but it doesn't suddenly understand
biology.
>> Sure.
>> Right? It's just like there's a domain
gap there in knowledge.
>> Yeah.
>> But even beyond that, there's um sets of
strategies done in um software
engineering that differ from scientific
or engineering strategies. So, it's
you're not operating under it's not like
decision-making under uncertainty to the
same degree. It's like very verifiable
and that's driven so much of our work.
>> Mhm.
>> Um so, in that domain,
I think it's happening now-ish.
>> Mhm.
>> And you know, so I I I think we'll see
the same thing too for AI research.
>> Uh-huh.
>> That's a slower outer loop because now
the experiment isn't just checking some
unit tests passing, but it's checking
what was the scaling property? Um did
this model converge? Um what's the
generalization of the system? That
requires GPUs, that requires, you know,
many hours of experiments, but I think
that will also will um
>> And those are all evals that people use
today as they're looking at existing
models and so they do have that utility
function, that feedback loop that can be
just driven by self-learning.
>> That's right. That's right. But again,
like the connection of these things to
the physical world is going to be so
critical because
both of these systems are being trained
in a closed loop against that domain. So
it's a closed loop for doing software
engineering, a closed loop for doing AI
research. And that's the premise of
Periodic. Like we need to have these
closed loops of actually doing science,
of actually doing engineering. And these
two I mean these two domains are how I
think the rest of the world will go with
some delay. And this is again like the
foundational technology that we're
building.
>> Super interesting. Do you think you need
um
sufficiently good robotic systems in
order to have that closed loop for what
you're doing?
>> Um
>> In other words, do you need something
like pie or skulls or something else to
work in order for uh Periodic to hit
that escape velocity in terms of a
closed loop system?
>> No, but it's a huge accelerator.
>> Mhm.
>> Um the goal for Periodic is to generate
high quantity, high quality data,
diverse data.
And automation is assistance to that. So
right now we employ people as well and
we have autonomous parts that are just
you know, very reliable.
If you had a dextrous humanoid who could
wander into an unstructured lab and make
sense and follow instructions reliably,
that would be a huge accelerator. Right
now the automation of physical systems
is requires a very careful design and
it's slow, but I think with improvements
in robotics, this is going to accelerate
this.
But already the reliability of these
sort of like hybrid systems is
sufficient to produce
huge amounts of um reliable data, but
it's just going to accelerate us
further.
>> Yeah, the one of the reasons I ask is um
a user in this company Color Um and we
built our own liquid handling robotic
systems. Right, we'd buy liquid handling
robots but then we have to adjust them
dramatically. We had like cameras that
would use ML to monitor the system and
sort of make adjustments. We had to 3D
print parts to decrease vibrations on
the platform because we were dealing
with such small
volumes of liquid.
And so there was an enormous amounts of
customization versus just having in the
firmware for it was awful and writing
against that was painful. Versus just
having like a robotic system that would
work like a modern system in all the
ways that you'd conceive that. So that's
the reason that I was asking is if you
really want to do high throughput
experiments, you need these underlying
systems to be able to do all the liquid
handling and to do, you know, all the
titration and stuff and all the rest of
it. So
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, I think it's
look right now we're using almost like
more like off-the-shelf robotics. It's
like very simple, very commoditized.
Not doing like a huge amount of
innovation on on that front. But again,
like as these
more general robotic systems come to be
like hit this reliability threshold,
it's going to be a massive accelerator
for spinning up new labs as well.
>> Yeah, you've seen such a wide range of
different things happen in the AI world
since
you were working at Google
I guess at this point about a decade
ago.
And so you were there during the birth
of the transformer model. You were there
for the birth of ChatGPT.
What are you most excited about outside
of Periodic over the next few years in
terms of what's happening with AI?
>> I mean, of course robotics.
Again, I'm like I'm just so excited
about the interface of AI systems with
the physical world and we're approaching
one angle of that, which is science
engineering and we need that data in
order to make those advances. But simply
just agency and control of the physical
world
via robotics is going to be
transformative.
So
>> I'm I'm very excited about these
interface layers. I think that's going
to be such a massive opportunity. Cuz I
mean, you know, how many software
engineers are there in the world versus
people who are like the physical world?
>> Mhm.
>> And there's just labor shortages
everywhere. So, yeah, I think it's going
to be a very interesting decade.
>> Oh, amazing. Well, thank you so much for
joining us today.
>> Yeah, well, thank you so much. That was
very very good chatting today.
>> Find us on Twitter at no priors pods.
Subscribe to our YouTube channel if you
want to see our faces. Follow the show
on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever
you listen. That way you get a new
episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts for every
episode at no-priors.com.